README.md, before:

<h2 align="center">
  RNGoal
</h2>

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js,react)](https://skillicons.dev)
<img src="./assets/expo-light.png" width="150">
<img src="./assets/expo-dark.png" width="150">

![Platform - iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-iOS-blue.svg)
![Platform - Andriod](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Andriod-red.svg)

## About
This app is built with [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript), [React Native](https://reactnative.dev), an open-source UI framework by Meta, and [Expo](https://expo.dev), a production-grade React Native Framework.

## Quick Start

### Clone this repo
```bash
git clone https://github.com/kennotfindsymbol/RNGoal.git
cd RNGoal
```
### Install all dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

### Run iOS
```bash
npm run ios
```

### Run Andriod
```bash
npm run andriod
```

## Demo

### Add a new goal
![addgoal](https://media1.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExYnZ4NDI3bnFleHV6bjJqOHEwc3FlNWhmemZ3emhxMGt6dXNvemo2dyZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/D14xWNT5nlTsukYqud/giphy.webp)

### Handle input with whitespaces
![trim](https://media0.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExeXRkbXA4OTNjZGxjeDQzdWdhdmJsbDgxZzE0OWNwdDBuNTZwbHA1cCZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/PA5LwYW0T6jY9Mm3cb/giphy.gif)

### Cancel saves input
![cancel](https://media3.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExd3UzMHNnd2llNXpmZG5uc2Fjc2J0bHN0cXU1NWg4YjgzbXQzazUzbyZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/upcCAaT482BsV8Tw7p/giphy.gif)

### Press to delete existing goals
![delete](https://media1.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExZjQ3cnZzbHpseTgycjhrbXZ0YjVrM29lOHZzN3JiYWs4a3B5M3gzMyZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/7lqso9wAcBw4dIEWLh/giphy.gif)

### Scroll through goals
![scroll](https://media1.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExcWE5dWV6MTRsdDhmaDJrazVtdzAxaWhpdzVzbW9uNXRuemJ5YjdtOCZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/1xW0xxlZVx5aaRwtTK/giphy.gif)

Commit message:

Add disclaimer on using expo icons

README.md, after:

<h2 align="center">
  RNGoal
</h2>

[![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js,react)](https://skillicons.dev)
<img src="./assets/expo-light.png" width="150">
<img src="./assets/expo-dark.png" width="150">

![Platform - iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-iOS-blue.svg)
![Platform - Andriod](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Andriod-red.svg)

Expo logos' usage are following their [Brand guidelines](https://expo.dev/brand).
```
You're encouraged to:
- Use the permitted Expo name and logos less prominently than your own name and logo to describe that you are using an Expo product. For example: "This app is made using Expo and EAS".
```

## About
This app is built with [JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript), [React Native](https://reactnative.dev), an open-source UI framework by Meta, and [Expo](https://expo.dev), a production-grade React Native Framework.

## Quick Start

### Clone this repo
```bash
git clone https://github.com/kennotfindsymbol/RNGoal.git
cd RNGoal
```
### Install all dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

### Run iOS
```bash
npm run ios
```

### Run Andriod
```bash
npm run andriod
```

## Demo

### Add a new goal
![addgoal](https://media1.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExYnZ4NDI3bnFleHV6bjJqOHEwc3FlNWhmemZ3emhxMGt6dXNvemo2dyZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/D14xWNT5nlTsukYqud/giphy.webp)

### Handle input with whitespaces
![trim](https://media0.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExeXRkbXA4OTNjZGxjeDQzdWdhdmJsbDgxZzE0OWNwdDBuNTZwbHA1cCZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/PA5LwYW0T6jY9Mm3cb/giphy.gif)

### Cancel saves input
![cancel](https://media3.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExd3UzMHNnd2llNXpmZG5uc2Fjc2J0bHN0cXU1NWg4YjgzbXQzazUzbyZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/upcCAaT482BsV8Tw7p/giphy.gif)

### Press to delete existing goals
![delete](https://media1.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExZjQ3cnZzbHpseTgycjhrbXZ0YjVrM29lOHZzN3JiYWs4a3B5M3gzMyZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/7lqso9wAcBw4dIEWLh/giphy.gif)

### Scroll through goals
![scroll](https://media1.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExcWE5dWV6MTRsdDhmaDJrazVtdzAxaWhpdzVzbW9uNXRuemJ5YjdtOCZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/1xW0xxlZVx5aaRwtTK/giphy.gif)
